Assignment 4
In this assignment, you will describe your final project idea and data.

For credit…
Push all files to your github repository under the Assignment_4/ directory (txt document, fake data, example plot)
Upload your txt file (tasks 1-3) to Canvas
Tasks:
Create a plaintext document named “final_project_idea.txt”

In it, describe your idea for a data analysis final project

Also, Describe the sort of data you will use, potential sources, and what the data might look like

(If you already have data, skip this task) Create fake data that simulates what your final project data set might look like. 
Preferrably a csv file

Generate a plot (using ggplot) using either your real or fake data that shows at least one expected result

The data I am looking at for my final project is my personal queue data from tutoring sessions over the last 6 years.

I have variables for every logged tutoring session in that time. Which are: Dates, classes associated with each tutor
session, and the time of when I started and ended the session. I would have a sample size of 3668+. But I also might be able
to obtain general data for all other tutors during that time. It would be harder to get permission for other tutors. I 
also have my time clock information to compare with as well.

I could calculate my average weight times, the number of people I tutored at different times of the day, find what classes
I tutored the most and how long I spent tutoring those topics. I hope to look for trends in how my performance change in 
different intervals. I'm sure there are other factors I could be looking at as well.

I will have to submit a proposal to Institutional Review Board to use this data since it contains personal information for 
students. More, specifically name, UVUID, and course. Not sure if you have dealt with getting permission from them, but if
that is a viable possibility that would be would I'd like to do. I plan to start the process on Monday, one way or another.

I spoke with my the math lab director and he emailed the IRB Admin Syndie Ence. From the reply email she directed us to the
Institutional Review Board website, https://www.uvu.edu/irb/, where the information about the application process is housed.
 
I figured before I make a decision either way I could get your input. I'd prefer to use this data and overall get an idea
of a profile of my tutoring. I think this would be wonderful for a professional webpage and a highlight would be great in
a resume with a link to all my data. Still it all depends on if I could get the data soon enough. 